Transport parameters can be used before they are authentic (#4463)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-tls.md

MUST close the connection with an error of type 0x16d (equivalent to a fatal TLS
missing_extension alert, see {{tls-errors}}).

Transport parameters become available prior to the completion of the handshake.

> Using these values earlier than handshake completion is necessary at the server

Reviewer: I'm not sure it's necessary to send 1-RTT packets prior to handshake completion, but it is necessary to send many things, such as data on streams in 0.5RTT packets.

Also, the way this is written, it could be read as sending 1-RTT packets from server to client requires using these values prior to handshake completion, which I realize isn't your intent.

> Using these values earlier than handshake completion is necessary at the server
> if it wishes to send 1-RTT packets to the client. However, the value of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A server might use these values earlier than handshake completion. However, the value of
```
